---
title: "(2020) Jojo's Bizarre Adventure: Heritage For The Future"
date: "2021-07-16"
coverImage: "jjbahftf-logo-420.png"
---

## Details

- Date: Saturday August 8th, 1:00 PM PDT / 4:00 PM EDT / 20:00 UTC.
- Registration Ends: Sunday August 2nd, 11:59 PM PDT / Monday 2:59 AM EDT / Monday 08:59 UTC.
- Region: North America & Europe (1 Bracket)
- Platform: Fightcade 2 (jojobanr1).
    - Need both jojobanr1 & jojoba to run.
    - Open jojoba.zip in WinRAR, On the far right it says CRC32. Look at jojoba-simm1.0 and make sure the value matches "76976231". **IF THE CRC IS INCORRECT YOU WILL DESYNC**.
- Entry: Free.
- Pot Split 60/30/10.
- Seeding: Yes (Region & Skill).
- Head TO: Zarythe
- Stream: [twitch.tv/jojosweeklytournaments](https://www.twitch.tv/jojosweeklytournaments/)

## Tournament Format

- Double Elimination.
- 2/3 Rounds per Game.
- 2/3 Games per Set.
- 3/5 Games for Losers & Winners Finals.
- 3/5 Games for Grand Finals.

## Tournament Rules

- Winner must keep character, Loser may switch.
- Petshop & Normal Kakyoin are banned.
- Avdol Ankh glitch / Avdol ghosting glitch is banned
- Game breaking glitches are banned.
    - Iggy/Jotaro softlock grab glitch
    - Hol Horse stand bullet game freeze glitch
    - etc.
- Any other glitches are allowed as long as it doesn't make the game unplayable (for example Timestop Glitch).
- The Gray Fly Stage (Plane Stage) is soft banned (The right corner of the stage is blocked by a sprite and can cause issues). If both players agree to reset, resetting will serve no penalty. (Characters that can trigger this stage: Kakyoin, Oldseph, Devo, Jotaro, Alessi, Midler, Avdol).
- Loops are limited to 3 repetitions (S.Dio Loop, DIO Loop, etc.). This includes Unblockable loops on wakeup (Hol, Devo, etc.).
- 1 Tandem per combo. 2 Tandems allowed if the first causes a stand crash and ends right after. (ABCxN > Stand crash on first repetition > rest of the tandem repetitions > into another tandem NOT allowed) This does NOT include custom combos.
- Empty tandem cancels ARE allowed and do NOT count towards Tandem Loop Repetitions.
- Debug mode is NOT allowed and the game must be kept at the Default Region (Japan) (0x01).

## Notes

- Need both jojobanr1 & jojoba to run.
    - Open jojoba.zip in WinRAR, On the far right it says CRC32. Look at jojoba-simm1.0 and make sure the value matches "76976231". **IF THE CRC IS INCORRECT YOU WILL DESYNC**.
- Palmods ARE allowed (Color modifications) (Only clientside).
- Minimizing Lag:
    
    - If you are using an older/low spec PC, disable runahead. This _may_ help with better PC's, but it is recommended to be left on for a better netplay experience.
    
    - Use input delay settings on connections larger than 150ms ping.
- If your match is on stream, wait for the streamer to spectate in the **Character Select** to avoid a black background and missing healthbars/meter on the stream.
- If your opponent doesn't show up after 10 minutes, they will be automatically DQ'd.
- If there is a technical issue during a match, it is up to the opponent who DIDN'T have the issue to decide if they want to rematch or take the win. If both players have an issue, the rematch shall continue from the round before play was interrupted.
- Player 1 in the Bracket should always be the one challenging Player 2.
